Gazebo new vehicles, ROS 2 frame conventions, multi vehicle simulation (#2396)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/sim_gazebo_classic/multi_vehicle_simulation_gazebo.md

<a id="with_dds"></a>

> ### Build and Test (xrce-dds)

Reviewer: Why lower case?

```suggestion
### Build and Test (XRCE-DDS)
```

Author: My mistake

`Tools/simulation/gazebo-classic/sitl_multiple_run.sh` can be used to simulate multiple vehicles based on xrce-dds in Gazebo Classic.

:::note

> You will need to have installed the xrce-dds dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to have installed the XRCE-DDS dependencies.
```

   ```bash
   cd Firmware_clone
   git submodule update --init --recursive
   DONT_RUN=1 make px4_sitl gazebo-classic
   ```

1. Build the `micro xrce-dds agent` and the interface package following the [instructions here](../ros/ros2_comm.md).

1. Run `Tools/simulation/gazebo-classic/sitl_multiple_run.sh`.
   For example, to spawn 4 vehicles, run:

   ```bash
   ./Tools/simulation/gazebo-classic/sitl_multiple_run.sh -m iris -n 4
   ```

   :::note
   Each vehicle instance is allocated a unique MAVLink system id (2, 3, 4, etc.).
   MAVLink system id 1 is skipped.
   :::

> 2. Run `micro xrce-dds agent`. It will connect automatically to all four vehicles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `MicroXRCEAgent`.
   It will automatically connect to all four vehicles:
```

   ```bash
   MicroXRCEAgent udp4 -p 8888
   ```
   :::note

>    The simulator startup script automatically assign [unique namespaces](../ros/ros2_multi_vehicle.md) to each vehicle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The simulator startup script automatically assigns a [unique namespace](../ros/ros2_multi_vehicle.md) to each vehicle.
```
